Q1. Is the item durable?
Yes

Q2. Is this item easy to use?
Yes, even you can carry it during traveling also.

Q3. What are the dimensions of this item?
<Write dimensions of product here>

Q4. Is the product genuine and with warranty?
Product is genuine with one year warranty.

Q5. Does the mobile supports 5g?
Yes / No

Q6. Can we use dual 4g sims in mobile?
Yes.

Q7. I heard that some of packages reach in totally bad condition, is that right?
Ans: Yes, frankly speaking this happens rarely but we are sure to guarantee the replacement of the order without any extra charges.

Q8. Where can I find the order replacement option??
Ans. You can find the option "Return and Orders" the option is very next to the cart icon in website.


Q9. How to avail the warranty when product is damaged during its guarantee time??
Ans: You have to contact the respective brand customer services and provide your Apna Baazar invoice as a proof. We will also surely help you if you find some difficulty in this process.


Q10. Are "Returns and Refund" policies very strict?
ANS: no they are not that strict, but you have to preserve the integrity of the product, you have to return it in same way. Surely their will be no return charges if you return product as it is.


Q11. Why in many orders the Cash on Delivery option is not given?
Ans: Our website is new one, however we are planning the rapid integration of the Cash on delivery options on our most products.


Q12. What will happen if I cancel the order after it reaches my door?
Ans: Please provide feedbacks for your experience in such cases, we understand our Customers so we won't force you to buy, there would be no charges levied in such case.


Q13. Does Apna Baazar guarantee the brand is genuine or not?
Ans: We always try to include the genuine sellers on our platform, but in some cases the brand copy can be seen. We are trying hard to provide our customers with proper and branded materials.


Q14. What will Apna Baazar do if delivery guy misbehaves?
Ans. Soon after delivery the Customer gets feedback form on his device, please fill the feedback form and mention your grievances their. Actions will be taken against the guy or even we can talk to agency itself.


Q15. When will the EMI options be available?
Ans: Sorry for your inconvenience we have planned on that options and you would be happy that it would be available on the website soon.


Q16. Will Apna Baazar refund if the product is damaged by mistake of the customer?
Ans: I am afraid to say but no customer damaged product are refunded and taken back.
